2.2.1: cleaned up nonlinear convergence tests and integrated experimental
adaptive time loop code; small bug fixes.

2.2.0: new solver interface based on ONELAB; parallel SLEPC eigensolvers;
cleaned up syntax for groups; new Field[] functions to interpolate
post-processing datasets from Gmsh; fixed bug in Sur/Lin transformation of 2
forms; fixed bug for periodic constraints on high-order edge elements.

2.1.0: parallel resolution using PETSc solvers; new Gmsh2 output format; new
experimental SLEPc-based eigensolvers; various bug and performance fixes
(missing face basis functions, slow PETSc assembly with global quantities, ...)

2.0.0: general code cleanup (separated interface from legacy code; removed
various undocumented, unstable and otherwise experimental features; moved to
C++); updated input file formats; default solvers are now based on PETSc; small
bug fixes (binary .res read, Newmark -restart).

1.2: Windows versions do not depend on Cygwin anymore; major parser cleanup
(loops & co).

1.1: New eigensolver based on Arpack (EigenSolve); generalized old Lanczos
solver to work with GSL+lapack; reworked PETSc interface, which now requires
PETSc 2.3; documented many previously undocumented features (loops,
conditionals, strings, link constraints, etc.); various improvements and bug
fixes.

1.0: New license (GNU GPL); added support for latest Gmsh mesh file format; more
code cleanups.

0.91: Merged moving band and multi-harmonic code; new loops and conditionals in
the parser; removed old readline code (just use GNU readline if available);
upgraded to latest Gmsh post-processing format; various small enhancements and
bug fixes.

0.89: Code cleanup.

0.88: Integrated FMM code.

0.87: Fixed major performance problem on Windows (matrix assembly and
post-processing can be up to 3-4 times faster with 0.87 compared to 0.86,
bringing performance much closer to Unix versions); fixed stack overflow on Mac
OS X; Re-introduced face basis functions mistakenly removed in 0.86; fixed
post-processing bug with pyramidal basis functions; new build system based on
autoconf.

0.86: Updated Gmsh output format; many small bug fixes.

0.85: Upgraded communication interface with Gmsh; new ChangeOfValues option in
PostOperation; many internal changes.

0.84: New ChangeOfCoordinate option in PostOperation; fixed crash in
InterpolationAkima; improved interactive postprocessing (-ipos); changed syntax
of parametric OnGrid ($S, $T -> $A, $B, $C); corrected Skin for non simplicial
meshes; fixed floating point exception in diagonal matrix scaling; many other
small fixes and cleanups.

0.83: Fixed bugs in SaveSolutions[] and InitSolution[]; fixed corrupted binary
post-processing files in the harmonic case for the Gmsh format; output files are
now created relatively to the input file directory; made solver options
available on the command line; added optional matrix scaling and changed default
parameter file name to 'solver.par' (Warning: please check the scaling
definition in your old SOLVER.PAR files); generalized syntax for lists
(start:[incr]end -> start:end:incr); updated reference guide; added a new short
presentation on the web site; OnCut -> OnSection; new functional syntax for
resolution operations (e.g. Generate X -> Generate[X]); many other small fixes
and cleanups.

0.82: Added communication socket for interactive use with Gmsh; corrected
(again) memory problem (leak + seg. fault) in time stepping schemes; corrected
bug in Update[].

0.81: Generalization of transformation jacobians (spherical and rectangular,
with optional parameters); changed handling of missing command line arguments;
enhanced Print OnCut; fixed memory leak for time domain analysis of coupled
problems; -name option; fixed seg. fault in ILUK.

0.80: Fixed computation of time derivatives on first time step (in
post-processing); added tolerance in transformation jacobians; fixed parsing of
DOS files (carriage return problems); automatic memory reallocation in
ILUD/ILUK.

0.79: Various bug fixes (mainly for the post-processing of intergal quantities);
automatic treatment of degenerated cases in axisymmetrical problems.

0.78: Various bug fixes.

0.77: Changed syntax for PostOperations (Plot suppressed in favour of Print;
Plot OnRegion becomes Print OnElementsOf); changed table oriented
post-processing formats; new binary formats; new error diagnostics.

0.76: Reorganized high order shape functions; optimization of the
post-processing (faster and less bloated); lots of internal cleanups.

0.74: High order shape functions; lots of small bug fixes.

0.73: Eigen value problems (Lanczos); minor corrections.

0.7: constraint syntax; fourier transform; unary minus correction; complex
integral quantity correction; separate iteration matrix generation.

0.6: Second order time derivatives; Newton nonlinear scheme; Newmark time
stepping scheme; global quantity syntax; interactive post-processing; tensors;
integral quantities; post-processing facilities.

0.3: First distributed version.
